Update when _not_ to do offsites in SF/London (#17835)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/company/offsites.md

- They're places where there are already a lot of PostHog people that you can hang out with. If most teams do their offsites there, you're much more likely to run into even more people
  - The more we have random cross-pollination, the more ambitious ideas we'll come up with and the more successful we'll be.
  - These hubs are places where you can get to know people outside your current team, which means you'll be more effective at getting stuff done.
- SF has the benefit of being the epicenter of everything happening in tech, and we have lots of YC founders working out of Hogpatch who you can meet and learn from. It's good to get exposure to this, especially if you don't live in SF or haven't been recently.

Some reasons to _not_ have your offsite in one of our hubs include:
- Visa restrictions into both UK and US
- Excessive travel time
- You're running a large, multi team (10+ people) offsite, and want to optimize for lots of quality time, over hanging out with other PostHog people
- You want to be heads down to start or complete a big project, and don't want the distraction of other people around

> - You and a large portion of the people at this offsite have been to both London and SF a lot, and so would prefer a different location

Reviewer: I think this is too prescriptive, and we'll eventually have to make this list more exhaustive ("well what about this other thing? can that be a reason? let's add it to the handbook."). I think we should be aiming for:
- Explain the reasons why the hubs are appealing
- Ask for reasons people decide to go elsewhere so we can make the hubs more appealing.

```suggestion
```

> As always, we trust you to make the right decision here, balancing personal preference with what's best for the company. If you do decide to do a small team offsite somewhere outside of these two hubs, let Kendal know why. That way we can figure out how to make going to the hubs more appealing, or perhaps open new hubs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traveling to new places is a perk for PostHog employees. At the same time, going to the hubs, especially for newer joiners, can be beneficial to you as an employee and to the company as a whole. We trust you to make the right decision here, balancing personal preference with what's best for the company. 

If you do decide to do a small team offsite somewhere outside of these two hubs, let Kendal know why. That way we can figure out how to make going to the hubs more appealing, or perhaps open new hubs.
```

**Session 1: ideation dinner**
The day before the start of the hackathon we do a casual 'ideation' dinner where we encourage people to chat about ideas

**Session 2: hackathon kick-off**
The hackathon kick off is 1.5 hours at the end of the day. Ideally we do this in a conference room with beers and wine.

- Everyone writes down their ideas on multiple post-it notes in about 10 minutes.
- People come up to the front one-by-one, and they get 30 seconds to pitch all their ideas.
- Everyone gets three votes to put on whichever ideas they like most. Just do this as a tally. You can't vote on your own idea
- We dismiss all ideas with zero votes, and sort all the other ideas from top to bottom based on the number of votes.
- Everyone writes their name on the other side of the sticky bit of a small piece of post-it note, then add their name to the idea they want to work on. Every group should have at least two people in it, and ideally 3.
- Once groups are formed, everyone can go off and ideate or hack.

**Session 3: presentations**

This should be the last work related session of the offsite. Again ideally in a conference center with beer and wine provided.

> Each group gets 5 minutes to demo and present their idea.

Reviewer 2: prob a mistake?

Author: oh no I just removed as this isn't as relevant anymore to how we run this as it's gotten much bigger.
